SEP-0001: Add assetation_of_reserves (#850)
stellar/stellar-protocol: ecosystem/sep-0001.md

Author: stellar.org
Status: Active
Created: 2017-10-30
Updated: 2021-01-27

> Version: 2.1.2

Reviewer: This adds new functionality so we should increment the minor version instead of the patch version. The path version is only used when something needs fixing.
```suggestion
Version: 2.2.0
```

is_asset_anchored | boolean | `true` if token can be redeemed for underlying asset, otherwise `false`
anchor_asset_type | string | Type of asset anchored. Can be `fiat`, `crypto`, `stock`, `bond`, `commodity`, `realestate`, or `other`.
anchor_asset | string | If anchored token, code / symbol for asset that token is anchored to. E.g. USD, BTC, SBUX, Address of real-estate investment property.

> asset_attestation | url | URL to a page hosting attestation(s) or other proof(s) of reserves.

Reviewer: Minor edits, in the field name I think we should lead with attestation so attestations group naturally. We can drop the plurals too I think, because multiple proofs are proof, and so the plural is unnecessary.
```suggestion
attestation_of_reserve | url | URL to attestation or other proof, evidence, or verification of reserves.
```

> attestation_of_reserve | url | URL to a page hosting attestation(s) or other proof(s) of reserves, such as PDFs of third-party audits.

Reviewer: Follow to https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/pull/850#discussion_r565590305 I suggest changing this a little:
```suggestion
attestation_of_reserve | url | URL to attestation or other proof, evidence, or verification of reserves, such as third-party audits.
```
